docs: add missing configs in readme (#786)
openedx/frontend-app-authn: README.rst

Reviewer: `ENABLE_COOKIE_POLICY_BANNER` is missing and should be added to common settings part of configs.

Author: Added

Reviewer: Swap positions of `APP_ID` and `MFE_CONFIG_API_URL`

Author: Addressed

     - Disables the enterprise login from Authn MFE.
     - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)

   * - ``APP_ID``

>      - Enables support for runtime configurations that will be available in getConfig method specific to MFE
>      - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Name of MFE, this will be used by the API to get runtime configurations for the specific micro frontend.
     - ``frontend-app-authn`` | ``''`` (This name can be changed based on preference but the same name should be used at the backend for configurations. )
```

Reviewer 2: @zainab-amir Runtime configuration follows the pattern `frontend-app-xyz` and use `xyz` as app id, that means app id for `frontend-app-authn` should be `authn`

Reviewer: @syedsajjadkazmii thank you. Updating the suggestion:
```
     - Name of MFE, this will be used by the API to get runtime configurations for the specific micro frontend. For a frontend repo `frontend-app-appName`, use `appName` as APP_ID.
     - ``authn`` | ``''``
```

Author: addressed

>    * - ``MFE_CONFIG_API_URL``
>      - Enables support for runtime configurations that will be available for common fields
>      - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - ``MFE_CONFIG_API_URL``
     - Link of the API to get runtime mfe configuration variables from the site configuration or django settings.
     - ``/api/v1/mfe_config`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)
```

Author: incorporated

     - Enables support for opting in marketing emails that helps us getting user consent for sending marketing emails.
     - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)

   * - ``APP_ID``
     - Enables support for runtime configurations that will be available in getConfig method specific to MFE
     - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)

   * - ``MFE_CONFIG_API_URL``
     - Enables support for runtime configurations that will be available for common fields

>      - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy) 

Reviewer: These two are not edX specific but generic settings that can be used by both edX and open community.

Author: I have moved the above mentioned configs to general settings.

Author: I have moved the above mentioned configs to general settings.

     - Enables support for opting in marketing emails that helps us getting user consent for sending marketing emails.
     - ``true`` | ``''`` (empty strings are falsy)

   * - ``SHOW_CONFIGURABLE_EDX_FIELDS``

>      - Enables support for configurable registration fields on the MFE. This flag must be enabled to show country field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - For edX, country and honor code fields are required by default. This flag enables edX specific required fields.
```

Author: incorporated
